when the guns fall silent for a bit the
cries of hungry babies can be heard in
the streets of Gaza City in the north
here at fi bake Street Market famished
Gins search for food most of the time
without much success food items are hard
to come by their prices are high and
even if they are low people don't have
money
the prices are unimaginable 1 kilo of
this bad quality wheat flour is 10 12
shekels that's up from three in the past
for a much better quality half of this
flow is unusable imagine that even
before the war and when people had
salaries the situation was already
untenable people were suffering right
now it's many many many times worse
securing one's daily meal is next to
Impossible says this
man people can't find what to eat
imagine a family of 10 people what can
they do to
survive we've been eating only rice for
a month we have to wait the whole day
for a single portion of rice in the
evening I came here looking for flour
but all I find is Pidgeon food what kind
of life is this shame on them we're
dying here and no one
cares her plight doesn't end there she
says some of her children were killed in
southern Gaza and others are missing
hunger and bement now Mark nearly every
single family in Gaza so in this crisis
and away from the reach of relief
organizations people are doing whatever
they can to get by this is the only
Falafel stand in this Marketplace in
Gaza
City we used to operate a blacksmith
Workshop but everything has been
destroyed so we put up this stool in
order to eat and provide food for people
but it's an extremely difficult task
[Music]
there is no end to the list of
challenges facing these Palestinians
they live in the midst of utter
destruction no single public service is
available they drink from salty local
Wells mudy rain water fills broken
streets garbage is piling up and getting
dangerously infested the only thing
untouched is these people's resolve in
resisting attempts to force them to
leave the
land we support the resistance
may God protect them we are ready to die
and sacrifice her children and families
to stand with the
resistance during the early days of the
war the Israeli Army ordered people in
Northern Gaza to go south but after more
than three months of Relentless
bombardment and destruction thousands
are still here in defiance of all the
hazards of hunger and extermination
Muhammad Val Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer